 How can you say that you have a job or you have a career?

                   What do we can't set our career without job?

         Usually, It seen that , after completing our studies ,to get a job is our first priority.
         So , while studying we focus to complete the best professional course to get job easily.
          Somatimes , it works , we get nice job but sometimes we entres the market then the 
          situation is totally different ,we can't find job easily. In lot's of candidate becomes frustrated.
          They thinks that, whatever work they did , that are going waste and  their career is destroying.
            
           But career and job both are different. actually , job is depends upon ,How many salary we 
           recieved and how fast we get promoted . But! career is in  broad prospects . career is depends 
          on how much tallent we have and How intelligent we are?  and what is our quality ? 
          To make best career we have to develop our skills frequently .
          

                 Now , here a question arise that,  what  the job can become a good carrier?
            So, answer is "yes "  if  you are satisfied with your job, if your post ,your position is good .
           you are satisfied with that .so, off course, you can make your job as career.  
         

                Another question arise , can we set our career without getting job?
         So, answer is to set career there is no need to get job. without job career can be set.
             " Career  is a way , it is not an amount of time you spent per day to give you paycash."
         It is a journey  with number of long roads , If you are mindful ,you can enjoy this process of 
        progression by taking everyday challanging moments in your life  and to make best career you 
        have to know  about your interest.
         
         company hires only those candidates , who works not only for salary, but also to become 
        good employee and who are loyal.

        If you are looking to set your career or to get your dream job be positive , you should work 
       hard and productive !!!!